MIKE: FOR THE LATEST ON WHAT'S
NEXT FOR THE UNITED STATES
SENATE FOLLOWING THE
CONFIRMATIONS OF PETE HEGSETH
AND KRISTI NOEM, LET'S BRING IN
SENATE MAJORITY LEADER FROM THE
GREAT STATE OF SOUTH DAKOTA,
JOHN THUNE.
SENATOR, CONGRATULATIONS.
BUSY WEEK.
>> THANK YOU, MIKE.
MIKE: SO YOUR REACTION TO KRISTI
NOEM, YOUR GOVERNOR, GETTING
ACROSS THE FINISH LINE TODAY AND
PETE HEGSETH LAST NIGHT.
>> YEAH.
TWO BIG ONES.
VERY IMPORTANT THAT THEY GET
DONE.
THEY'RE THE NATIONAL SECURITY,
OBVIOUSLY, BORDER SECURITY WITH
GOVERNOR NOEM, NOW SECRETARY
NOEM.
AND OF COURSE WITH SECRETARY
HEGSETH, A LOT GOING ON IN THE
WORLD.
GLAD TO GET THOSE DONE.
WE'RE WORKING ON A COUPLE MORE
AND JUST GOING TO KEEP GRINDING
THROUGH AND GET THE PRESIDENT'S
TEAM IN PLACE AND READY TO
IMPLEMENT HIS AGENDA.
MIKE: I'M TOLD YOU WERE VERY
INVOLVED IN GETTING THE VOTES
FOR HEGSETH IN GETTING THAT
ACROSS THE FINISH LINE.
>> IT WAS A TEAM EFFORT.
IT WAS HARD AND IT WAS CLOSE,
BUT WE GOT IT DONE.
WE KNEW THERE WAS A PATH, AND
I'VE BEEN SAYING FOR SOME TIME
THAT THERE'S A PATH.
AND IT ENDED UP PRETTY MUCH
EXACTLY KIND OF THE WAY I
EXPECTED IT TO COME OUT.
IN THE END, IT WAS A GOOD
OUTCOME.
AND FOR THE COUNTRY,
HONESTFULLY.
AND I -- HONESTLY.
LORD KNOWS THAT THE DEPARTMENT
OF DEFENSE HAS SOME CHALLENGES
IN FRONT OF ITS, AND HE'S -- OF
IT, AND HE'S A GUY THAT'S A
READY TO ROLL UP HIS SLEEVES AND
GO TO WORK.
WE'RE ANXIOUS TO GET HIM ON THE
JOB.
MIKE: DOES IT MATTER IF IT'S 5-
51-50 IN HEGSETH'S CASE OR
RUBIO, 99-0, IN THE END?
>> IN THE END, THEY GET
CONFIRMED.
SOME, OBVIOUSLY, HAVE MORE VOTES
THAN EVER.
MARCO WAS AN EXCEPTION BECAUSE
HE'S A COLLEAGUE AND, YOU KNOW,
DEMOCRATS AND REPUBLICANS, BOTH
SIDES REALLY LIKE HIM.
AND I THINK HE'LL BE GREAT AT
THE JOB.
SO, OBVIOUSLY, HE HAD SOME
ADVANTAGES GOING INTO IT.
BUT WITH HEGSETH, YOU KNOW, HE
WASN'T AS WELL KNOWN, FOR SURE.
BUT I THINK AS HE WENT THROUGH
THE PROCESS, HE HANDINGED
HIMSELF REALLY WELL.
I THOUGHT HIS CONFIRMATION IF
HEARING WAS GREAT, AND THE WAY
HE HANDLED, AT LEAST FROM
REPORTING I GOT BACK ON HIS
INDIVIDUAL MEETINGS WITH
SENATORS WENT WELL TOO.
AND I THINK THE WAY HE
ARTICULATED WHAT HE WANTS TO DO
WHEN HE GETS THERE.
I MEAN, HE WANTS THE DEPARTMENT
OF DEFENSE TO BE ABOUT THE WAR
FIGHTER, NOT ABOUT, YOU KNOW,
DEI OR SOME SORT OF WOKE AGENDA.
AND I THINK THE AMERICAN PEOPLE
ARE READY FOR THAT, AND I THINK
THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE AND
OUR MILITARY'S READY FOR THAT.
MIKE: YOU'LL START A NEW WEEK
WITH9 SCOTT BESSENT TO LEAD
TREASURY AND SEAN DUFFY TO LEAD
TRANSPORTATION.
YOUR THOUGHTS ON THOSE VOTES
COMING UP.
>> WELL, I HOPE THOSE ARE BOTH
BIG VOTES.
BESSENT CAME OUT OF THE FINANCE
COMMITTEE, AND I ALSO SERVE ON
THE COMMERCE COMMITTEE WHERE
SEAN DUFFY CAME OUT, HE CAME OUT
UNANIMOUSLY.
BESSENT GOT A GOOD -- WE HAD A
CLOTURE VOTED THE ON BESSENT,
AND I THINK HE GOT 67 VOTES ON
CLOSURE.
THESE -- CROW CLOTURE.
THESE ARE VERY CAPABLE PEOPLE,
AND I'M HOPING THAT THE
DEMOCRATS RECOGNIZE THAT AND
GIVE US THE SUPPORT THAT WE NEED
AND ENABLE US TO GET GOING ON
THE NEXT SET OF NOMINEES.
MIKE: MAJORITY LEADER JOHN
THUNE, GRATEFUL FOR YOUR TIME
TODAY.
THANKS MUCH.
>> THANKS, MIKE.
MIKE: SENATOR THUNE WILL HAVE AN
EXCLUSIVE APPEARANCE IF TOMORROW
ON "SUNDAY MORNI